(Ai)
Previously
on "Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS"...
This is so perfect.
The fool is playing
right into my hands
A Speed Duel isn't enough
to settle our differences.
We need more--
much more!
(screams)
(chuckles)
What's the status
Ghost Gal?
(Emma)
The storm swallowed 'em up!
Sorry, Skye...
I failed you...
(Ryoken)
Speed Dueling is done.
It's time to Master Duel.
Are you ready?
Let's duel!
Fire Prison!
All Cyberses on your field,
and in your graveyard and hand
lose their special abilities
and can no longer attack!
They're all disintegrating!
(Ai)
N-Not...
j-just them...
I'm-I'm feeling all...
g-g-glitchy...
Cyberse, be gone!
Ai...
♪♪♪
(Ai)
What...
What happened?
Where am I?
Ugh, from the looks of it,
the middle of nowhere.
Wait...
It's all coming back to me!
There was a spell...
A powerful spell!
It messed
with my programming...
Erased some of my core
functionalities...
Thank goodness my flotation
app wasn't one of 'em!
Ooh. I'm so sleepy...
I can hardly keep my eye open...
I just need
a nap...
A short little nap...
(snoring)
♪♪♪
(Akira)
Ghost Gal!
What's going on inside
the data storm?
When I get X-Ray vision,
I'll let you know.
Ugh! I'm pretty sure
I can hack in there
if I was in the real world.
But if I log out
of Link VRAINS,
there's no guarantee
I can log back in.
Fine!
Ugh. Then it's up to you
to find another way.
(Akira)
I'm sorry, Skye...
I'm the one who's supposed
to protect you,
but now when you need me most
I have to depend on someone
else to save you.
Playmaker...
Don't let me down.
Come on...
If I can just break into
the Hanoi's Data Storm.
I can get her inside
and see how Yusaku's doin'.
Whoever wrote this program was
pretty elegant about it.
But elegant doesn't
mean flawless.
Here we go!
This weak line of code
is perfect...
Installing the bypass!
(gasps) What's this?
Looks like I'm not the only
hacker around here.
That's a security bypass...
(gasps)
Like in Playmaker's
duel against Gore...
That must mean Playmaker
has an ally out here
who's looking out for him.
An ally who wants me
to get inside.
Gotta admit,
I'm the type of girl
that likes to open
my own doors.
But seeing
as how time is a factor...
Here I go!
She's through!
Not what I expected
in the eye of a storm...
They're they are.
It's Playmaker...
and Varis!
(Kolter)
Phew, good to see
he's still breathing.
Playmaker...
I'm counting on you.
When you neutralized
all my Cyberse monsters,
you got rid of Ai as well.
Why, Playmaker...
Took you long enough
to figure out our strategy.
Foolish child.
So that was your
intention all along...
To get rid of Ai.
That's why you didn't simply
destroy my monsters
using Toplogic Bomber Dragon!
(Ryoken chuckles)
Did you name your Ignis
like a little pet?
So what?
How can you treat something
that dangerous like a puppy?
Have you no idea
what you possess?
Allow me to educate you...
The Ignis may be an A.I...
But it's unlike any type you've
ever come across before...
While A.I. are supposed to do
what we program them to do,
the Ignis do whatever
they want to do,
because the Ignis,
they have free will.
And what the Ignis want to do
is bring an end
to the entire human race.
I don't believe you!
No program
can think for itself.
You're wrong.
The Ignis can.
They should never have been
created in the first place.
But if something can be built,
it can also be destroyed.
And the Ignis
will be destroyed.
We will see to that.
Unlike you, the Knights of Hanoi
are on the right side of history
because we are the ones
who will save the world.
You would be aiding us instead
of trying to fight us
if you weren't so daft.
But it's not
too late.
You can do what's right.
Destroy your Ignis.
Before it
destroys us.
(Ryoken)
The Ignis will destroy us,
but you can destroy
them first!
What?
Our lil' buddy
wouldn't hurt us...
I mean he really
wouldn't, right?
Nice try.
But I don't buy
a single word you said!
Hmph. Then you are an even
bigger fool than I thought.
But so be it.
You see...
My mission is not
to convince you, Playmaker...
It's to save humanity!
And since you dare
to stand in my way,
you must
be dismissed.
It's a shame really.
You had a choice,
a very simple choice.
And you made
the wrong one.
And that one decision will cost
you your very existence.
But that's how it goes.
It's my turn!
I draw!
At the beginning of every turn,
Linkbelt Wall Dragon
gains a Wall Counter,
raising the count to 4!
Next, I tribute
Triple Burst Dragon
to activate
its special ability
and summon one Link Monster
from my graveyard
and one Dragon from my hand.
Your sacrifice will not go
to waste Triple Burst Dragon!
Not only do you give rise
to Twin Triangle Dragon...
But also bring out
my Sniffer Dragon!
But why settle for just one!
Sniffer Dragon's special ability
allows me to draw a second...
... which means I can now
summon it to my field!
Yes...
All the pieces are in place...
Authorizing Link Arrows!
I need at least three Effect
Monsters to Link Summon.
And that's exactly
what I have!
I set Twin Triangle Dragon
and my two Sniffer Dragons
in the Link Arrows!
Link the circuit!
And with their combination
comes your doom, Playmaker!
I Link Summon!
Rise up!
Link 4, Borreload Dragon!
(roaring)
I know that dragon...
It must be his
strongest monster!
Though you technically still
have your Cyberse monsters,
they're not around
to help you.
So you can't stop
Borreload Dragon
from attacking you directly!
Energy chambers charged!
Arm plasma cannon!
Target...
locked!
Activating anti-glare shield...
Retract safeguards...
Now fire!
Thunder Borrel Cannon!
No!
Yusaku!
That's gotta hurt.
With that, I end my turn.
(groaning)
Come on, Playmaker...
And I must say,
from the looks of it,
I've ended you, as well.
(grunts)
(computer voice)
Game over.
You lose.
(voice)
Hey...
Come on, get up.
Why?
For three reasons...
One: If you give up now,
there won't be a next time.
Two: You can't win if you
don't believe you can win.
And three: Just because
it's tough now
doesn't mean
it will always be.
Three.
That's all you need.
Just three simple reasons
can get you through anything.
(Yusaku)
That's right.
And I have three reasons
why I must win this duel.
One: I must make the Knights
of Hanoi pay for their crimes.
Two: I must regain my lost
memories to learn
why they made me suffer.
And three: I only survived my
captivity because a single voice
wouldn't allow my spirit
to break...
(voice)
Come on, get up.
(straining)
(Yusaku)
Whoever that voice was,
I must find and rescue him
if he's still imprisoned
after all these years.
This duel isn't over!
You won't win,
Varis!
This duel isn't over!
You won't win, Varis!
(Emma)
He's okay!
Ah...
It seems you can stand
but can you duel?
Just watch...
I draw!
(Yusaku)
But it'll be my last draw
if I don't immediately
make a comeback.
But what can I do
without my monsters?
What's this?
(gasps)
(Yusaku)
I sense the presence of a new
Cyberse monster in my deck...
But how?
Then again,
this isn't the first time.
I've always felt what others
couldn't inside the network.
A premonition, an aura,
a sixth sense,
as if some unknown force
was whispering in my ear...
So if my gut is true,
that means Varis failed
to truly erase the Cyberse!
Or Ai.
Ai, I know you can hear me!
Answer me!
I know you're still here!
(Yusaku's voice echoing)
Ai!
(Ai gasps)
Playmaker!
Nothing, huh?
You're as unhelpful as usual.
All right, then...
I'll just duel on my own!
I'm now activating the
Field Spell, Cynet Universe!
Now all of the Link Monsters
on my field
gain 300 attack points!
How does that
change anything?
Your field is completely empty.
Wrong...
Very wrong.
My Cyberses are still here.
And they're here to help me!
I'll prove it!
By creating
the ultimate circuit!
What?
How can you Link Summon?
(Yusaku)
Link Arrows authorized!
The summoning conditions are
at least two Cyberse monsters.
Therefore, I'm going
to set my Decode Talker
and Encode Talker
in the Link Arrows!
He's using his two
strongest monsters?
Link the circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 Firewall Dragon!
I've never seen anything
like that before.
No...
Fire Prison's gone!
(Ryoken)
When Fire Prison no longer has
any Cyberses under lockdown,
it's destroyed.
So when you used your Cyberses
to Link Summon, you destroyed
my Prison and summoned a new
monster at the same time.
Ai!
(Ai)
Huh?
I'm back?
And trapped inside my Duel Disk,
right where you belong.
So I left one prison
to get stuck in another...
And a smaller cell at that.
Maybe it would have been
better if you did lose.
Wait!
You didn't lose the duel,
did you?
Of course not.
But truth be told I'm not
exactly winning either.
600?
I take a nap for one second
and you think you're
a philanthropist,
donating all
your life points!
Thank you for that
wonderful feedback.
(Ai)
But don't worry, Playmaker!
Now that I'm back, I'll figure
this all out for ya!
According to my analysis, since
Fire Prison's effect's gone,
Linkbelt Wall Dragon's defense
points drop from 2400 to 2100.
And there's more...
My Field Spell Cynet Universe
raises my Link Monster's
attack points by 300.
I said I'll do
the analysis, you meatbag!
But what you said
was correct, so...
props to you.
But you know...
What in the world
is that thing?
It's enormously enormous!
That Borreload Dragon
may be stronger
than my Firewall Dragon,
but his Linkbelt
Wall Dragon isn't!
(roars)
Go!
Tempest Terahertz!
Linkbelt Wall Dragon's
no more!
And I'm not through...
Because now I'm going to
activate...
Cynet Universe's effect which
lets me return Encode Talker
from my graveyard
to my Extra Deck.
Then I'll place two facedowns...
And end my turn.
You made quite a good
accounting for yourself,
far better than I expected.
But it's too late.
With only a paltry 600 life
points remaining...
Varis will close
the books on you!
(Kiyoshi)
Finish this duel and finish
Playmaker once and for all!
It's my turn!
I draw!
Before you make a move,
I activate my trap card!
Parallel Port Armor!
Now your cards can't target
Firewall Dragon
or destroy it in battle!
That move barely
poses a problem.
I play...
The spell, Arrow Charge!
Since there are two monsters in
the Extra Monster Zone that have
the same number of Links,
I'm allowed to draw
two cards from my deck!
Next I summon
Anesthrokket Dragon.
And I'll combo it with
these two spell cards!
First, Squib Draw!
I destroy the Anesthrokket
Dragon that I just summoned.
That lets me draw
two more cards from my deck.
Then I follow that up by
activating the Field Spell
Boot Sector Launch.
This lets me summon not one but
two Rokket monsters to my field
in defense mode!
Emerge before me, Autorokket
Dragon and Anesthrokket Dragon!
And Boot Sector Launch
raises my Rokket monsters'
attack and defense points
by 300!
Next, once per turn,
I can use Borreload Dragon's
special ability
to lower one monster's attack
and defense points by 500.
And the monster I choose won't
be one of yours, but mine!
Borreload, weaken
my Autorokket Dragon!
(Ai)
Why would you lower
your own monster's defense?
I'll tell you why.
Because it lets me do this:
When Autorokket is targeted
by a Link Monster...
It self-destructs,
but it takes a spell
or trap card along with it!
So I send your Parallel Port
Armor to the graveyard!
(groans)
Seems Varis was kind enough
to answer your question Ai.
(Ai)
Yeah, but he didn't have
to be so rough about it.
I bet he has less friends
than you.
Without Parallel Port Armor,
Firewall Dragon
can now be destroyed.
Get ready!
Borreload Dragon,
unleash your fiery fury!
(roars)
(beeping)
Actually, instead of destroying
your Firewall,
why don't I take
control of it instead?
(roaring)
Huh?
(Ai)
Aww, glitch!
No!
Hey, didn't your
grandmama ever teach ya
to keep your grimy paws
to yourself!
So that's Borreload's
special ability...
(Ryoken chuckles)
How does it feel knowing
that your very own monster
will deal
the finishing blow?
Attack and end this duel!
(Ai)
Well, it's been
nice knowing you.
Kind of.
It's not over!
I activate this!
My Cynet Refresh!
Thanks to this trap,
when a Cyberse attacks,
all monsters in the Main Monster
Zone are destroyed!
Including Firewall Dragon!
Hm. Seems that your facedown
card saved you there,
so I think I'll
set one of my own...
Then by ending my turn,
my Anesthrokket Dragon's
special ability activates,
allowing me to summon a new
Rokket monster from my deck.
And I know just the one.
Magnarokket Dragon!
And since my Autorokket Dragon
also has the same exact
special ability...
I can summon a second
Magnarokket Dragon!
And as before, my spell
Boot Sector Launch
energizes them with 300
additional defense points!
(Ai)
Can this guy go five seconds
without having a new monster?
I bet he's the clingy type.
He isn't the only one who can
resurrect his monsters
because the power of Cynet
Refresh allows me to bring back
the Cyberse Monster
that was just destroyed!
So Firewall Dragon
is back under my command!
Then Cynet Universe powers
Firewall Dragon up
with 300
extra attack points!
Next I play the trap
Recoded Alive!
By banishing Decode Talker
from my graveyard...
I can summon another
"Code Talker"
directly from
my extra deck...
So join the fight,
Encode Talker!
And just like it did with
Firewall Dragon, Cynet Universe
infuses Encode Talker
with 300 attack points.
You thought
this duel was over,
but this fight's only
getting started, Varis!